feat(maho): add Maho project type (#8606)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

ddev magento setup:upgrade
```

> ## Maho

Reviewer: This section needs "prefer to run as a script" like all the others. Claude or whatever will put it together for you based on the other ones.

> You can start a new [Maho](https://mahocommerce.com) project or configure an existing one. Maho is an ecommerce platform derived from Magento 1, with modern PHP support and no external service requirements: it needs only a web server, PHP and a database.

Reviewer: I think you'll want this, which solves one of the spellcheck complaints.
```suggestion
You can start a new [Maho](https://mahocommerce.com) project or configure an existing one. Maho is an E-commerce platform derived from Magento 1, with modern PHP support and no external service requirements: it needs only a web server, PHP and a database.
```

=== "Composer"

    Create the project directory and configure DDEV:

    ```bash
    mkdir -p my-maho-site && cd my-maho-site
    ddev config --project-type=maho --docroot=public
    ```

    Start DDEV (this may take a minute):

    ```bash
    ddev start
    ```

    Install Maho via Composer:

    ```bash
    ddev composer create-project mahocommerce/maho-starter
    ```

    Run the Maho installer with sample data:

    ```bash
    ddev maho install --force \
      --license_agreement_accepted yes \
      --locale en_US --timezone UTC --default_currency USD \
      --db_host db --db_name db --db_user db --db_pass db \
      --url "https://my-maho-site.ddev.site/" \
      --use_secure 1 --secure_base_url "https://my-maho-site.ddev.site/" --use_secure_admin 1 \
      --admin_firstname Store --admin_lastname Admin --admin_email admin@example.com \
      --admin_username admin --admin_password veryl0ngpassw0rd \
      --sample_data 1
    ```

>     Reindex and flush the cache:

Reviewer: Probably solves the other spellcheck complaint.
```suggestion
    Re-index and flush the cache:
```
